TELCODOCS-1874: Adding hub cluster RDS - Tech Preview (#93098)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-hub-resource-utilization.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-hub-resource-utilization_{context}"]
= Hubs cluster resource utilization

Resource utilization was measured for hub clusters in the following scenario:

* Under reference load managing 3500 {sno} clusters
* 3-node compact cluster for management hub running on dual socket bare-metal servers.

> * Network impairment of 50ms round-trip latency, 100Mbps bandwidth limit and 0.02% packet loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Network impairment of 50 ms round-trip latency, 100 Mbps bandwidth limit and 0.02% packet loss.
```

.Resource utilization values
[options="header"]
|====
|Metric |Peak Measurement
|OpenShift Platform CPU |106 cores (52 cores per node)

> |OpenShift Platform memory |504G (168G per node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|OpenShift Platform memory |504 G (168 G per node)
```
